This is a complex assignment, so I am writing this to
organize my thoughts before I start coding.  The
description below is taken from the acceptance
criteria, as clarified by the animation video.

The assignment requires a header, a section for content
and a footer.  Thus, the top level React component
should have these three parts.

The header contains my name and these navigation titles:
About Me, Portfolio, Contact and Résumé.  Initially
About Me is highlighted and the About Me section is
presented in the content area.  Clicking on another
navigation title causes it to be highlighted and the
appropriate section displayed in the content section.
If the content section is too tall for the screen,
it is OK for the navigation section to scroll off the screen.

This suggests a state variable which chooses what to
present in the content area.  Let's call this "section_name".
It is set by clicking on a navigation title in the
header.  When the header is displayed the navigation
title whose name matches the value of section_name is
presented with highlighting.  This can be done by
conditional inclusion of a CSS class in the navigation
title.

The footer contains links to my GitHub, Linkedin and personal
web site.

The content component checks the value of section_name
to choose which component to use to display the appropriate
content.  That means that section_name must be a high-level
state variable.  The header gets both section_name and 
setSection_name so it can change the current section.
Content gets only section_name in its props, because
it cannot change the section name.  Footer doesn't need
section_name at all.

The four alternatives for Content are About_me, Portfolio,
Contact and Résumé.  None of them need section_name.

About_me contains just a picture and some text.

Portfolio contains a picture for each application, which
does not have to be a React application.  Each picture
is accompanied by a link to its GitHub repository and
a link to the deployed application.  This material can
come from my existing portfolio.

The Contact section is a form with fields for the sender's
name, the sender's e-mail address and the body of the message.
There is also a submit button.  The acceptance criteria
doesn't say the submit button must work, and the video
doesn't show it working, so perhaps I can just give
a message saying contact me using your own e-mail
facilities.

The Résumé section has a link to download my résumé
following my summary paragraph.
